Wow I wonder how many stars are up there
must be a whole bunch yeah Jimmy there's
a whole bunch hey you're a real special
gal Susie hi hey look or sugarstar
make a wish okay you want to hear my
wish you want to get my wish yes sir I
wish we could be together forever
because you're my number one Susie wait
who's driving the car Jimmy what I think
I want us to just be friends
what do you break it up a thing I just
don't think we're very compatible
well you're clingy
you're annoying you talk too much and
you're kind of a web Oh
can we connect at all we're gonna die
then we'll click and you always change
the subject to face it Jimmy we're just
not good for each other
[Applause]
is there another guy what no is it him
Oh
I just don't know how to make this more
clear Jenny I don't want to date you
anymore
I just love you I just don't think I'm
ready our relationship Wow harsh
you
[Music]